docs/index.md, before:

---
home: true
heroImage: /img/logo.png
heroText: Versatile, Robust, Scalable
tagline: 🚀Building Tomorrow's Solutions, Today
actionText: Begin the journey →
actionLink: /pages/7488ac/
bannerBg: none # auto => 网格纹背景(有bodyBgImg时无背景)，默认 | none => 无 | '大图地址' | background: 自定义背景样式       提示：如发现文本颜色不适应你的背景时可以到palette.styl修改$bannerTextColor变量

features: # 可选的
  - title: Immersive applications
    details: Our platform facilitates seamless app development, empowering developers to create immersive applications with built-in, app-like experiences.
  - title: Seamless integration
    details: Enhance your application's connectivity through our platform's seamless integration of comprehensive RESTful APIs, ensuring robust interoperability and streamlined data exchange.
  - title: Fine-grained control
    details: Protect your data and bolster security with our platform's fine-grained API permission control, giving you the ability to manage access levels with precision and confidence.

# 文章列表显示方式: detailed 默认，显示详细版文章列表（包括作者、分类、标签、摘要、分页等）| simple => 显示简约版文章列表（仅标题和日期）| none 不显示文章列表
postList: none
---

## Notifications
::: tip 写给中文读者
1. aiM18平台提供了<Badge text="App开发" type="tip" vertical="middle"/>和<Badge text="API接口调用" type="info" vertical="middle"/>两种开发方式。
2. 针对<Badge text="App开发" type="tip" vertical="middle"/>，我们同时提供了中文及英文的文档，中英文如有差异，请以英文文档为准。此类开发需要对aiM18的架构和App的构成有所了解，请按顺序浏览`App`或者`App中文`里面的内容。
4. 针对<Badge text="API接口调用" type="tip" vertical="middle"/>，只有英文文档。通常你只需要知道API的路径和参数的信息，可以通过顶部的搜索栏进行快速查找。
:::

::: note For English readers
1. For <Badge text="App Development" type="tip" vertical="middle"/>, you need to have a conceptual understanding of aiM18's product knowledge, so please read the `App` documentation in order they are presented.
2. For <Badge text="API Integration" type="tip" vertical="middle"/>, you can quickly find the relevant APIs by using the search bar at the top.
:::

## Topics
::: cardList 3
```yaml
- name: App Development
  desc: 💦Utilize the platform's foundational capabilities to create your own app.
  link: /pages/7488ac/
  bgColor: '#f1f1f1'
  textColor: '#2A3344'
- name: RESTful API integration
  desc: 💠Exchange data through the APIs provided by the platform.
  link: /pages/2ffa7b/
  bgColor: '#f1f1f1'
  textColor: '#2A3344'
- name: Tutorial
  desc: ⚡Step-by-step examples for beginners, understanding the overall development process.
  link: /pages/7487bc/
  bgColor: '#f1f1f1'
  textColor: '#2A3344'
```
:::

Commit message:

add chinese home and fix bug

docs/index.md, after:

---
home: true
heroImage: /img/logo.png
heroText: Versatile, Robust, Scalable
tagline: 🚀Crafting Tomorrow’s Solutions, Today!
actionText: Begin the journey →
actionLink: /pages/7488ac/
bannerBg: none # auto => 网格纹背景(有bodyBgImg时无背景)，默认 | none => 无 | '大图地址' | background: 自定义背景样式       提示：如发现文本颜色不适应你的背景时可以到palette.styl修改$bannerTextColor变量

features: # 可选的
  - title: Immersive applications
    details: Through our platform, developers are empowered to create immersive applications with integrated experiences.
  - title: Seamless integration
    details: Our platform provides a comprehensive RESTful API, allowing you to efficiently integrate between systems.
  - title: Fine-grained control
    details: Our platform offers extensive control over API permissions, enabling flexible management of these permissions.

# 文章列表显示方式: detailed 默认，显示详细版文章列表（包括作者、分类、标签、摘要、分页等）| simple => 显示简约版文章列表（仅标题和日期）| none 不显示文章列表
postList: none
---

## Notifications
1. The aiM18 platform offers two development modes, <Badge text="App Development" type="tip" vertical="middle"/> and <Badge text="API Integration" type="tip" vertical="middle"/>.
2. Regarding **App Development**, you need to understand the definition and structure of the `aiM18 App`. We suggest that you read [the content of app development](/pages/7488ac/) in sequence.
3. Regarding **App Development**, if you are more comfortable reading in Chinese, we also provide [Chinese documentation](/pages/becaba/).
4. Regarding **API Integration**, you need to first understand [how aiM18 APIs are authorized](/pages/2ffa7b/), and then you can search for API information based on keywords.


## Topics
::: cardList 3
```yaml
- name: App Development
  desc: 💦Use the platform’s basic features to build your own application.
  link: /pages/7488ac/
  bgColor: '#f1f1f1'
  textColor: '#2A3344'
- name: API Integration
  desc: 💠Share data using the APIs offered by the platform.
  link: /pages/2ffa7b/
  bgColor: '#f1f1f1'
  textColor: '#2A3344'
- name: Tutorial
  desc: ⚡Step-by-step examples are provided for beginners.
  link: /pages/7487bc/
  bgColor: '#f1f1f1'
  textColor: '#2A3344'
```
:::
